Ah, there you are.
We're dividing spoils
from the depository.
These were set aside for you
to choose from and I
understand that...
(groaning)
She is burnt.
She's badly crippled because
of our desires.
Let go!
Was all this wealth worth it?
Course not you blue bitch,
but what's done is done.
Just as long as we're
wealthy, huh?
May as well put it to good use.
Crais and Talyn have located
some kind of surgeon.
A healer species.
We're almost there.
We're all choosing one or
two items we want.
The rest is to pay any fee
for Moya's remedy.
I'm sorry Rygel,
l misjudged you.
Hal It's becoming your career.
(whooshing )
Scorpius:
Now listen, John. Be smart.
See the situation for
what it is.
Screw you!
No, John. Not this time.
We've reached the end of the
old. The beginning of the new.
I am in control.
lam in control of me!
No more, John.
Screw you!
The reverse is more likely.
(Crichton yelling )
Stop it! Stop it!
Stop it!
I can't, I can't!
There's no one here, John.
You made yourself bleed.
Scorpius! Scorpius! Scorpius!
Yes. Listen! He put a
neurotracer chip in your brain.
You know this. You know
he isn't really here.
| see him! I see him!
-Well, fight it.
Listen to me.
We've reached the
surgical facility.
We're going to see if they
can remove the chip.
l have to smash him.
No. Scorpius isn't
really there.
John, I need you to face
reality as it is.
It's ridiculous, I know.
She cannot see us, John.
What's happening to me?
You know what's
happening to you.
Scorpius put that frelling
chip in your brain.
Aeryn,
what do you see, in the mirror?
What do you see?
There is no mirror.
There is no Scorpius.
Look.
You must confront your
fears with strength.
You're right, Aeryn.
There's no Scorpius here.
Mmm...
There's only me.
Yeah.
My name is John Crichton,
an astronaut.
A radiation wave hit and I got
shot through a wormhole.
Now I'm lost in some distant
part of the universe on a ship,
a living ship, full of strange
alien life-forms.
Help me.
Listen, please.
Is there anybody out there
who can hear me?
I'm being hunted by an insane
military commander.
I'm doing everything I can.
I'm just looking for
a way home.
(speaks alien language)
Grunchlk:
If it wasn't serious, they
wouldn't have called us, would they?
Now when you're done,
the big picture.
-I don't like him.
D'Argo:
He's rumored to be one of
the best healers in the Uncharted Territories.
No, not him. His sleazy
confederate Gunsik.
Grun-chlk.
Splendid hearing.
Doc fixed it.
Can he save Moya?
Oh, looks good.
He's splendid with infections.
(speaks alien language)
He'll make up a mixture that
will be absorbed through these
scarred areas,
and then a couple of
applications,
keep the patient sedated,
you're laughing.
How much?
Oh, by my calculations,
let's say, ah,
exchange equivalent with the
meter and all of that,
12,000 kretmers.
Outrageous!
(speaks alien language)
Uh, just a microt.
Listen, britchka...
(Chiana whispering ):
I don't know. What do you think?
I don't know that we have any
choice.
She's got to get fixed,
but this is crazy.
Grunchlk:
Or you think you can run that
facility without me?
Shh.
He always thinks I undercharge.
He's a greedy bastard.
It's a species trade.
Now I'm sorry to have to do
this to you, but he insists.
That's 15,000 kretmers.
I could buy a whole
new ship for that.
Yeah. I had to let an aunt die
once because we couldn't
afford to fix her.
I'm going to go and
assess our funds.
Chiana:
If you don't make her better,
we're going to get you!
Grunchlk:
Let me introduce you...
D'Argo:
Chiana!
Leave him alone.
(speaks alien language)
Why do you wear that mask?
Dr. Diagnosan intuits disease
through inhalation, here.
Very, very sensitive.
( sneezes )
Even the siljot bacteria in your
beautiful hair would kill him
if he got it in his nose and
his mouth at the same time.
Ah, Crichton, a word if I may.
Not now, Rygel.
Now works for me. So, if you
haven't chosen a bauble yet...
Rygel, shut up.
(yells and chokes)
(coughing)
(sighs)
If I take you to him...
-I don't want to have
them repaired.
He's a surgeon.
We have currency.
I'm sure that we...
-Father, you're not
listening to me.
Aeryn:
All right Rygel, I'll
take care of it.
Well, he just tried to force
this jinka stone down my throat.
What'd | just say?
-Ohh!
I can't see why you wouldn't
want your tankas restored.
I mean, as a Luxan....
I'm only half Luxan.
And for many cycles, I didn't
even want to be that.
You out yourself.
You mutilated your own tenkas.
You hate me that much?
It's okay.
It doesn't hurt anymore, Father.
(yelling):
What?!
Sorry, Chiana, l, uh...
A moment ago, you said 17,500.
Expenses, experience, expertise.
The meter is still running.
20,000 is the rate.
I'll pay 18 and not
a kretmer more.
Got it? Oh!
I hate to negotiate like this,
but I do find it cuts
through the critada.
Put him down, Greenchalk.
Grun-chlk.
This is business.
l have the supply.
| make the demand.
(speaks alien language)
It's all right, Doctor.
The family are in denial.
lwon't let them
hurt each other.
Take the 20,000,
before it goes up.
Crichton?
Um, Pilot says you're
reconfiguring a Comms signal
outside his control.
I want to eavesdrop on Crais'
radio traffic without him
knowing about it.
I still don't trust him here.
Crais and Talyn saved our lives.
They saved yours.
Look, Aeryn, if you're
worried about the...
(whistles )
inside my head, don't.
He's under house arrest.
Remember what you said?
Strength.
That's great, John, but you
need to stop what you're doing.
Aeryn, as long as | stay busy,
he leaves me alone.
Sometimes if! sing,
Dun, da-da, da, da, dun,
da-da, da, da...
Dun, da-da, da, da...
Dun, da-da, da.
Look, once the Diagnosan's
finished with Moya,
he's going to take a
look at you.
It won't help.
Hmm...
lam reminded at this point of
a word that you actually
brought to this vessel.
Hope.
I would be lost without you.
Then you'll never be lost.
No matter what happens,
you have worked your way
into my heart.
You've shown me that l have one.
I love you.
I love you, too.
Mmm...
You are so my girl.
Crais:
Now, listen to me.
Officer Sun cannot be
blackmailed or enticed.
If she is tojoin us, it would
have to be of her own volition.
( beeping )
Agreed.
If she joins us freely,
we will tell her the truth.
( beeping )
What's that coming through?
Identify the source
of the signal!
Play it loud!
D'Argo:
It's a Peacekeeper signal.
Pilot:
Crais says it's a special
pulse code, known only to Captain's rank and above.
He's never been a Peacekeeper.
Must be the neuro-circuit that
Scorpius implanted in his brain.
What are we going to do
when we find it?
-You? Nothing. It's too dangerous.
Dad...
No!
Stop what you're doing.
Relax, boy.
You're not in any danger.
Scorpius only wants me.
My father says you're in no
condition to make that decision.
And you're in no condition
to stop me.
Step back!
Oh, my.
You really should have
brought a pulse rifle.
(hiss)
(sighs)
Like father, like son.
(loud whip)
(grunts)
Hardly.
How do you feel?
Like a popsicle.
Gotta love this sphincter end
of the universe.
They're just going to have a
look. An examination.
Make sure he puts the
KY on the glove.
What the hell are
you doing here?
A meagre gesture of support,
while the others attend
to Aeryn and Jothee.
Is there any permanent damage?
Just their pride.
You seem remarkably lucid.
Don't get too close.
I could turn any second.
Stark:
We'll fix it, Crichton.
Everyone's pledged to give
whatever it takes to...
(speaks alien language)
(grunts)
( high-pitched whine)
I thought he couldn't inhale
our contaminants.
You see the green light?
That's a biological
neutralizer, that is.
You could have the Caritonga
plague in here, wouldn't
touch him.
Outside, pick your nose,
and he's dead.
No... pain.
Re... lax.
Grunchlk:
Phoar, frelling critada!
(speaks alien language)
You're going to tell me
my health plan doesn't
cover this, right?
(speaks alien language)
Doctor doesn't often say this.
There's nothin' he can do.
That thing in his head, he...
he can't get it out without
killing him.
(chuckling)
D'Argo, the surgeon said it's a
numbing anesthetic, okay?
So... so don't breathe
too much, all right?
And shake the canister
every couple of...
-All right, already.
I remember.
What's the matter with you?
-What's the matter with you?
I'm just, I...
I'm trying to have
a relationship.
And you think I'm not?
(sighs)
Listen Chiana, you have
to understand.
It has been so long since
I've seen my son.
-D'Argo, I know how long it is.
There is no one, no one who has
lived this dream of finding
your son more than me.
You going to help, D'Argo?
Couldn't you wait a couple
of microts, Stark?
l was talking to Chiana.
Tocot says we got to put down
another layer of Dowlandium...
Frell you.
-after the first has
been absorbed.
Oh, you understand him.
Crichton:
How many bodies did he
say were in here?
Aeryn:
I believe he said
frelling millions.
Aeryn, ah, did I...
say or do anything to
piss you off?
I mean other than caving in
the side of your head?
Are you serious?
Do you not remember?
Splendid news for the patient.
I think I found a
biological match.
What? You found a human?
Well, it's called an lnterion.
It's bipedal, central spine,
organs internal.
Oh, single heart circulation
and small head.
I've got three specimens.
That's the best I can do.
There are over 5,000 different
species frozen here.
This is an abomination
against nature.
It's not as though they're
suffering, love, is it?
Yeah.
I mean, they're already
dead anyway.
No Aeryn, they're still alive.
That's a technicality.
No, I'm not accepting anything
from someone who's alive.
They're all accident victims
and the like.
Hey, I mean we freeze them a
microt before their death,
'cause the parts last
longer that way.
You have interrupted the
course of nature.
None of 'em would survive
restoration.
That is the Doc's rules for
accepting a donor.
And you've got three like me?
Well, similar.
I mean it's probably a species
offshoot from the same stuff.
Is that possible?
We're somewhere near Earth?
I don't know.
I want this chip out.
Splendid.
'Course, if it ah, don't work,
we get to keep your body.
That's it, D'Argo.
I can't feel my tongue.
Whose fault is that?
Oh, frell you.
Ah... naa... tha... aa....
You know what my dad wants to
do with his share of the money?
Buy a farm.
Really?
Mmm. He wants to grow prowsa
fruit and make wine.
I don't want to live on a farm.
I've been a slave.
Been chained to the mine.
He wants to live the quiet life.
I want to live loudly.
Well I didn't know that.
I, um... I guess it was going
to be just you two.
(slurring ):
Oh, you, too, Chiana.
Pilot, you're high, okay?
I am no higher or lower
than I've ever been.
My position is fixed.
No, no, I mean the drug in Moya,
it's messing with your brain.
He's been using my
DRDs to practice.
Wanna see? Secret.
Chiana...
you know that l have to spend a
lot more time with Jothee
so I was hoping we could all
find a quiet place and, uh...
settle down together.
I was hoping you would
consent to be my wife.
Huh.
(exhales loudly)
What?
What a surprise to
find you eating.
So, Gunshock,
how long will it be before the
surgeon can operate on Crichton?
What, seven or eight arns.
He wants to finish supervising
the medication of your ship.
He's ah, splendidly
conscientious.
Well, we'll just keep Crichton
restrained until you're ready.
Yeah.
-Good.
Anything else?
What are you up to?
Higher level reasoning, Aeryn.
If a simple thought occurs,
I'll call you.
As I was saying,
you must know your way around
this backwater part
of the galaxy.
I know who I need to know.
That's a very small stone.
Your savant surgeon says Moya
won't be able to Starburst
for some time.
I'm, uh... interested in
securing other passage.
There are some excellent
choices available.
It depends whether you require
speed, stealth or strength.
That's another very small stone.
All three.
That's not impossible.
That's ah, three very
small stones.
Oh.
Splendid.
Zhaan, what's happening?
They're treating one more tier,
then the Diagnosan wants you.
Great.
Zhaan, listen.
Yes, John.
Odds are that I'm not
going to make it.
Positive spirits.
I pray to the goddess.
Yes, but reality tells me...
Your soul is troubled.
When the chip's not
controlling me,
my thoughts are lucid.
There are so many things that
I want to say to my family
and friends.
If you could absorb
these thoughts.
We could find a way to get a
message back to Earth.
You want me to join
with you in Unity?
I just want my dad to know.
Concentrate on me.
Hello, Delvian.
Tenth Level Pa'u?
Pity.
A Twelfth could break
this bond.
Time to pray.
( screams )
Crais:
Unlike your institutional
upbringing, my parents were compassionate.
Moral, emotional.
I value those traits.
They're beginning to
emerge in you.
Crichton may not survive.
Moya may be permanently
crippled.
The others are contemplating
their next move.
You're an officer
and a strategist.
Have you not planned yours?
Sounds like you have
a suggestion.
This ship, this emotional ship,
needs guidance.
Talyn has chosen you.
And I agree with his choice.
There is much that you can
learn that will surprise you.
( beeping )
What?
How?
( beeping )
It's Crichton.
Relay us to Pilot.
Crichton, why won't you
frelling answer?
Aeryn, don't come after
me, I'm not in...
control.
You will not shoot
him down, Talyn.
Crichton is broadcasting our
location to Scorpius again.
He must be stopped.
Track me.
Oh, and Crais...
Thank you.
Yee-haw!
Shielded message for Scorpius.
Coordinates on
specified frequency.
Request immediate extraction.
Crais:
Talyn, block and fragment
his transmission as best as possible.
Buy her some time.
John Crichton to Scorpius.
Limited flight capabilities due
to the nature of this craft.
Repeat, request immediate
extraction.
You just called yourself
John Crichton.
Are you really John anymore?
Ah, little lady.
How's the skull fracture?
Well, if I'm not addressing
Crichton
then I address the neuro-chip
in his head.
At your service.
You're in an unarmed vessel.
I believe Scorpius's mandate is
for Crichton to remain alive.
And I intend to see
that he does.
You've given no other choices.
I will shoot you down.
Oh, I doubt it.
Make no mistake.
I believe you'll
pull the trigger.
I just don't believe...
you'll hit anything.
Focus. Regain your place.
Purge the memory.
-No... Crichton...
Stark, he is no more.
His body shelters some
horrific evil.
Crichton... Crichton's gone.
Now, this is flying!
How's the ride back there, hmm?
A little bumpy?
Weapons locked to your exhaust.
I give you one last chance
to stand down.
Ah, the radiant Miss Officious.
So sure.
So confident in the
void of space.
Crichton was trained to fly in
atmosphere, against gravity.
Welcome to our world, baby!
Aeryn, Crichton has often said
he'd rather die than
fall to Scorpius.
If you've got the opportunity,
don't hesitate.
What makes you think I would?
Because if our positions
were reversed,
I would.
As Crichton might say...
Yee-ha!!!
Where the frell am I?
(other ship's engine roaring)
Lose your dance partner?
You don't have enough fuel to
last until Scorpius gets here.
Depends on how close he is.
Look, John, if you're even
in there anymore,
look at what you're doing.
You fail to understand the
extent of your friend's misery.
He wants Scorpius to find us.
He wants to end his pain.
No.
I'll never believe that.
Look, Crichton,
Scorpius, whatever you are,
recognize, atmosphere included,
I am the superior combat pilot.
Darling, uncontested.
So land your craft now
or I shall be forced to
demonstrate that skill.
You really would shoot your
friend down, wouldn't you?
You know the answer.
Well then, I shall comply.
Lowering landing gear.
Officer Sun, trust nothing.
Oh, hush Crais.
She doesn't need you
to tell her that.
Descending now.
Terribly sorry.
Didn't see you there.
Aeryn:
I am under attack! I repeat,
I am under attack!
Aeryn.
Aeryn!
-Attempting to gain
ejection altitude.
I take it our encounter is
terminated, Officer Sun.
All options depleted.
Requesting position track.
Climb! Eject!
-Requesting position track.
Ejecting now!
(gasping)
Well done, Officer Sun!
(chuckling)
Are you still conscious?
Frell you.
Ooh. Fireworks.
Aeryn.
Aeryn!
Aeryn:
It's all right, D'Argo.
The descent brakes
auto-ignited. I'm all right.
Crichton:
Officer Sun, in deference to
that part of Crichton which still cares,
I inform you that you descend
not over solid ground,
but a frozen lake.
He's right.
D'Argo, Crais, do you
have my position?
Affirmative.
-|'ve got you, Aeryn.
Can you avoid it?
Negative. I go down where this
chair takes me down.
Crais:
Yourjets will weaken the ice.
I suggest separate
before touchdown.
I repeat, separate
before touchdown!
Officer Sun...
(vocal pattern breaking up )
( screaming )
Aeryn, can you comply?
Negative.
The harness is jammed.
Your frelling tire must have
damaged the mechanism.
Aeryn, listen to me.
This is John. It's John.
Yeah, is it really you, John?
-Yes, listen to me.
You do not want to be in that
chair when you set down.
Well, this harness
won't release.
I don't have anything
to break it.
Aeryn, you have to get out
of the damn chair.
I don't have any choice.
Come on, please. Do something.
Do something.
I don't have any options.
Baby, you're not gonna
die like this.
You are not going to
I hope you meant what you said
in the neural cluster.
ldid.
No!!!
( screaming )
Aeryn!
Crichton!
Cri...
Oh... God.
What have I done?
The goddess graciously
receives to her bosom
all those who pass from
this existence
regardless of faith or belief.
She holds, however,
a special place
for those who travel this
life as a journey.
Aeryn Sun...
will surely harvest a favor.
Her life was a series of
strides toward enlightenment.
Casting off the chains of
prejudice and hatred...
reaching beyond violence
and bigotry
she sought a balance of
lasting inner peace.
In her name.
You are more worthy of this.
At peace, Aeryn.
Zhaan:
May the goddess receive
you with charity.
May the goddess sanctify
your spirit.
Ament.
Zhaan:
May the goddess purify
yoursoul
May the goddess recite your
name in the whispers
of the wind.
Group:
Amet.
D'Argo, give me your knife.
Give me...
your knife.
(knife clinks)
Aeryn, forgive me.
I love you.
I'm ready.
( exhales )
( instrument beeps and twangs)
( instrument squeals)
Are you sure you don't want
your friends here?
No, I don't want 'em here.
(speaks alien language)
The Doc says, 'cause of that
thing in your brain,
there's no way that you are
responsible for what happened
to that Sebacean.
Yes, lam.
(speaks alien language)
Right.
After the Doc's cut the tendrils
that have hijacked your brain,
he's going to try and take out
the neuro-chip completely.
But he needs your help.
What do I got to do?
Because there is no template
of your brain pattern on
our database,
he doesn't what bits
of gray do what.
So, when he probes,
you tell him.
Right.
Where will you be?
Anywhere else.
I vomit when things get messy.
( beeping )
Yes, Talyn.
I, too would have liked to have
shown Aeryn what we learned
from this chip.
lthink...
I think it could have made her
the happiest soul among us.
Everyone else is
preparing to move on.
I know. Tragedy often
heralds flight.
What are you going
to do, Zhaan?
My concern, now, is for
Moya and Pilot.
If you are in agreement,
Pa'u Zotoh Zhann,
it would be honor and a
pleasure to share the
future with you.
( exhales )
( instrument buzzes )
This is what?
Critters.
More close encounters.
And this?
American politics,
Nixon to Clinton.
Lose it.
Here?
All of my dogs.
Necessary?
No, but keep it if you can.
The ship that you want, it'll
be on its way here shortly.
Thank you.
( sighs )
Service paid, service
rendered, I guess.
( chuckles )
Too bad, eh?
Yes, but that's life.
Yeah.
This... section?
Keep this?
Jothee:
It's too bad we don't get to
spend more time together.
Yeah.
My whole life, I never stayed
in one place long enough to
build any real relationships.
And I always stayed too long.
D'Argo:
Jothee.
Chiana.
Let's stay close.
Once we find out about John we
should discuss our future.
Sure, Dad.
Whoa!
Worm holes. That's it.
Good job...
...from you.
( laughs )
I should desist?
No frellin' way.
Braca:
Here!
Down there!
(speaking gibberish )
What the frell was that?!
Return to the Marauder.
Inform Scorpius we have
successfully maintained our
zero presence profile.
Now!
Very bad...
speech close to neural implant.
You're gonna take my
memories and I'm gonna
talk gibberish?
Why not just take my mojo
while you're at it?
Remove chip...
then attempt replace...
you normal.
What the hell.
( Crichton sighs)
There's no one I really
want to talk to.
Not much worth remembering.
(device whines)
Take the damn thing out.
(speaking gibberish )
I remove...
then restore you.
( laughs )
Very clever, Greenschlick.
Accomplished... chip... removal.
Now... replace... brain.
(humming Star
Spangled Banner)
Hello, Doctor.
So good to see you again.
(speaking gibberish )
(speaking alien language)
Oh, no, quite the
contrary, really.
Uh, my, uh, cooling apparatus
is just as functional as the
day you installed it.
Eternal thanks.
Oh, I am so sorry to disturb
the, uh sterility of your
theater, but, uh...
(gasping)
You no longer serve a purpose.
( exhales )
(moaning)
What irony.
Sensitivity to heal anything.
But oneself.
(speaking gibberish )
Well, Crichton,
so much to say.
(speaking gibberish )
And yet such little capacity.
I only hope...
the wormhole technology I
waited so patiently for
makes more sense.
(speaking gibberish )
Don't need a translator microbe
for that one, do we?
(sighs)
You've cost me much.
And I do not suffer
disappointment well.
I condemn you, John Crichton...
to live.
So that your thirst for
unfulfilled revenge
will consume you.
Goodbye.
( screaming )